Hi, in this video we'll show you how to find your way around your Connect Math
hosted by Alex account. When you first log in you will see your home page where
you can access everything you need for your course. At the top of the page there's a
menu bar that includes the options home grade book messages and resources. This bar
will stay consistent no matter which menu option is selected. Making it easy to
move back and forth between
The Home button will always take you back to this home page.
Gradebook will take you to the grade book.
Messages is where you can post topics to the discussion board and see announcements from your instructor.
Resources will include some helpful learning aids and study tools like practice exercises and videos.
In the upper right corner you'll see some additional features.
The e-book will open up the interactive e-book.
e-book. The calendar will show which assignments are starting and when they are due.
And then finally a help menu allows you to access helpful tutorials and a way to
quickly contact customer support On the home page all of your assignments that you will need to complete are listed here They may be organized into folders which you can then
open to access assignments. From here, you can begin an assignment and view its due
date. To the right, you'll see announcements from your instructor. You can also quickly
access your gradebook from this tile at the bottom of the homepage. Smartbook is an interactive
reading and learning experience designed to help you excel at your course.
Click Launch SmartBook to access it.
From there, you will be guided on how to use SmartBook and how it can help you.
At the very bottom, you may see an order printed version tile.
This is where you can go to purchase a loose-leaf version of your e-book for a significant discount.
It will redirect you to the McGraw-Hill online store.
In the top right corner is where you can update your account profile information, like your password, and switch courses.
If you need more guidance on how to use ConnectMath, you can find it at www.com
backslash training. Thanks for watching, and we wish you the best of luck in your course.